monitor come a little closer and lend me
your ears don't worry you keep yours while
i keep mine in each episode we'll dig
into the major stories uncover the truth
and retrieve gems from yarda's blog
We'll discuss what's right,
bark about what's wrong,
wag our tails at the thrill of discovery
and take you on adventures through the
exciting world we live in today.
So,
fasten your curiosity leash and get ready.
Right then,
coming to you with another episode of the
Yada's Vlog on a Blog.
Tomorrow's news, disseminated today.
Let's dive in.
Well, as you can see,
it's a dog's life here.
As we overlook the Caribbean Sea,
it's a beautiful day in the Virgin
Islands,
and I'm happy to be able to continue
our presentation of the Tenth Mizmowr,
written by none other than King Dowd.
And this handsome fellow here is Wookie.
I am Yada.
And as we continue,
what we find is Dowd revealing that
Yahowah, which is God's one and only name,
it is properly pronounced for you using...
God's own information that He made
available to us so that we would know
how to convey His name.
It's based upon the verb hayah,
which means to exist,
which explains how to pronounce three of
the four letters in Yahowah.
And we find that
instruction in his Towrah guidance,
the O from Towrah comes from the law.
So it is Yahowah,
and the beloved son writes,
Yahowah reigns by guiding Melech as king in
charge, providing advice and counsel,
direction and support forever as an
eternal witness to the restoring
testimony.
It is interesting here to note that not
only is Yahowah
God's one and only name,
that the title that Yahowah uses to
establish his authorization for Dowd,
our beloved king, to rule is Melech.
And Melech is really just one letter shy
of Malak.
where malak means messenger, envoy,
representative who is conveying something
essential by way of a communique.
malak and melek being very similar words
in Hebrew,
we know that sovereignty and kingship is
very much conveyed through guidance,
advice, and counsel,
and that we should recognize the
responsibility that Yahowah has instilled
in that title, melek.
And this is going to occur forever.
Now,
forever is an interesting word in Hebrew,
Owlam.
It's always perceived to be forever into
the future.
But Owlam actually speaks of the past.
And so it says that God's...
rain um influence by hiding by
communicating his advice and counsel has
been from the very beginning and will
continue throughout futurity so it is time
without end going both backwards and
forwards and that he is establishing
Yahowah in the model that we are to
follow that Yahowah is the ultimate
odd,
which is the restoring witness to the
eternal testimony.
God said here that Gowym,
the Gentile institutions and even
individuals, countries, cultures,
societies, governments,
belief systems will be expelled and cease
to exist.
I
Yisrael is for the Israelites.
Now,
that doesn't mean that there can be no
Gowyim in Yisrael,
because a Gowym can be annexed into
Yisrael.
We can be grafted into Yisrael.
Yisrael is actually a very descriptive
term, as are most Hebrew words.
It means that...
a describes someone who exists and endures
with god who is enabled such that they
continue to endure with god it means to
be empowered by god is what ish sarah
l actually conveys
And so it is possible to be among
those who continue.
But what will happen is that those who
are Muslims and Christians and socialists,
secular humanists,
the Marxists that have become so
anti-Semitic here over the years,
they will all be expelled.
In fact, they will all be annihilated.
they will cease to exist from within his
land and earth.
Now, there are, as I have said,
going to be a...
small remnant of Gowym,
who will be particularly important to the
future of the land.
They will be brought in to work as
laborers.
And while that has become a pejorative in
today's world,
when you think of work and labor,
it isn't to God.
He
wants all of us to engage, to work.
He works.
He wants us to work.
If we cease working,
we cease to be a value to anyone.
So it is his land.
It is his home.
It is even his planet and universe.
And he conceived all life within it.
And as such, he is entitled to
to include or expel whomever He sees fit
or unfit to live in it.
And this would be the same thing with
Shamaym, with heaven.
And it is in our interest to know
that.
God has five conditions for participation
in His covenant family and entrance into
Shamaym heaven.
You can either agree with them and
capitalize upon them or not.
you will endure the consequence one way or
the other.
So the ability to participate in the
covenant and become part of God's family
is the most compelling reason for us to
disassociate from Gentile influences,
from their nations, institutions,
religions, and politics.
Doing so is actually a prerequisite.
And it is yet another thing that...
going to cause Gowym to be driven away
and destroyed during the last days because
they aren't going to walk away from them
call it Yahowah's one-state solution if you
will people for peace as and ridding his
land of the worst religious and political
antagonists
I read a rabbinical post that was from
this great sage to say that it is
not possible to be Jewish without
practicing Judaism.
And he actually claimed that in the Towrah,
they were all believers.
Therefore,
it wasn't possible to be Jewish according
to the Towrah.
without Judaism.
You're just right.
These absolute idiots back.
I mean,
it's astonishingly astonishing how stupid
one has to be to be a rabbi.
The fact is that the single most prevalent
theme throughout the Towrah is that the
children of Israel were antagonistic.
They were belligerent.
They were
arrogant, and they were malcontents.
And their single worst proclivity was
being religious.
And every one of them who expressed their
religiosity was actually killed by God.
And so the truth is, yes,
there were a lot of religious Israelites
during the exodus.
And rather than embracing them and say,
oh boy, you're a believer,
you must be Jewish.
No, God says, you're a believer,
you're toast.
I want nothing to do with you.
So it just shows just how awful,
how ignorant Judaism has become.
Well, there will be,
based on this prophetic statement,
no Palestinians or other Muslims,
no Roman Catholics or other Christians,
no communists or other Marxists or
progressive protesters,
no conspirators or other anti-Semites.
The only question remaining for these
corrupting influences is whether after
being expelled,
they will also be exterminated as if they
were rats carrying the plague.
But either way,
separated from Yahowah and his people,
they will soon die.
God's not going to allow anybody that is
toxic, that is poisoned with religion,
politics, conspiracy, militarism,
anti-Semitism,
collectivism into his home as he
transforms the earth back into the
conditions of Eden.
Now,
for those of us who were Gowy by
birth,
this prophetic assessment should
underscore the merit of being adopted into
Yahowah's covenant family,
of walking away from politics and
religion, militarism and conspiracy,
and of being grafted into the tree of
lives by way of the tree of knowledge.
The less Gowym that stains us, the better.
The more we grow to reflect the intended
purpose of Yahuwdah, the beloved of Yah,
the more we will be loved by Yah
in return.
Now in this light,
it is interesting that the far right and
the extreme left concur on one thing,
as do the secular and the sectarian,
even Christians and Muslims,
a festering hatred for Yisrael and
Yahuwdym.
Anti-Semitism has become part of Gowym
DNA.
Even progressive Jews in America have
become so Gowyish they no longer support or
identify with Yahuwdah or with Yisrael.
It has been a long,
long time since anyone really listened to
Yahowah.
But that does not mean that God has
been deaf to the anguishing pleas of his
people or that he will remain so.
This reads,
the yearning of the straightforward,
unpretentious and responsive, the anah,
those who are sincere and yet not esteemed
within society.
You have heard.
Yahowah,
you help shape and develop their ability
to make reasoned decisions.
your ears are used to listen um
attentively so that you can respond
appropriately this is psalm and so it's uh
quite clear that Yahowah's yearning and his
uh is to listen to to hear to
support the anna which is from anna
meaning responsive so
the yearning of those who are responsive
is to be heard by Yahowah.
And indeed, it will happen.
So whether you read this as that Yahowah
will be attuned to those who are
responsive to him or those who are
responsive will be attuned to Yahowah,
the same result happens either way.
And he says that you will help shape
and develop
their ability to make reasoned decisions,
which is essential.
Because if that does not happen,
if Yahowah does not assist us in this
process of developing our ability to be
rational, to be thoughtful,
to be judgmental,
then it's all for naught.
We have to think our way to God.
We have to recognize that He has
established boundaries and that He has
conditions for our participation in the
covenant and benefits as a result of it,
and that they are delivered in a very
specific way through the Mow'ed Miqra'ey.
So this reads,
your ears are accustomed to listening
attentively so that you can respond
appropriately.
Whether that's our ears or God's ears,
either way, again, it's the same result.
One of the many distinctions between
believing and knowing really is the
ability to avoid puffery and to be
straightforward in our approach to God,
to go where His words lead so that
we might know Him and understand what He's
offering, expecting in return.
We aren't trying to impress anyone with
our faith.
I will include it.
We can be sincere in our quest for
answers and forthright in our expressions
of trust.
And by trusting God,
we can become trustworthy.
Now, based upon Yah's statement,
it is such people that he hears,
or you could look at it the other
way around,
and that it is the responsive who listen
to Yah.
And this is ostensibly because we have an
open line of communication.
We may say a million times,
less than those who pray without ceasing,
but we convey messages that, well,
please our God,
such that He has every reason to pay
attention to,
to respond to those who are responsive to
Him.
Now,
we have long understood that Yahowah made
us such that we could choose to be
receptive to Him.
so that we can learn what we need
to know to relate to Him.
This realization is affirmed by the
previous declaration.
God designed us to be perceptive and to
be discerning.
That's the purpose of us having both a
nephesh,
a soul that can observe and respond to
everything that we hear and see,
but also our...
which gives us the ability to process that
so that we can exercise good judgment
regarding what we have observed.
So Yahowah bestowed upon us this capacity
to exercise good judgment through the
Neshama.
And it is by listening to God that
we learn how to properly respond to him.
So by doing justice on behalf of the
fatherless, the orphan, and the oppressed,
the harassed and persecuted,
no longer will mortal man strike terror
upon the earth.
Mizmowr Psalm, 10:14
Isn't that a lovely thought that if we
begin by Shaphat,
Shaphat is such a powerful word.
It means to judge.
It means to make decisions.
It means to exercise good judgment,
to be just, right, fair, appropriate.
God's testimony is the opposite of that
found in the Christian New Testament.
Christian New Testament said,
judge not lest you be judged.
Well,
God says the opposite.
You need to Shaphat.
If you don't Shaphat,
if you don't exercise good judgment,
then there is no way to know him.
There's no way for the world to be
moral or just.
It is only when we are judgmental that
morality and justice and fairness prevail.
And when we do,
then those who are most in need
find what they need.
The fatherless could be all of those who
are not part of the covenant,
who do not know Yahowah as their father.
And the oppressed could be all of those
who have not been empowered and enriched,
enabled,
and emancipated by Yahowah through his
covenant.
And the majority of people,
and when the majority of people embrace
these things,
then
mortal man Enosh will no longer strike
terror upon the earth.
This is all part of ridding the earth
of the religious and the political.
Get comfortable there, Wookie.
We want you to be ready for your
next introduction.
We have long recognized that for God to
be just, the religious and political,
the conspiratorial and the militaristic
must be exposed, they must be condemned,
and they must be expunged.
We have also known that they must be
purged from the earth to end their reign
of terror.
And in order to keep those they have
oppressed safe.
It's not just religion, by the way,
that has been so horrific.
It's also politics.
And the blending of the two through Babel,
the commingling of religion and politics
has been the bane of humanity.
It's the way that
Countless people,
billions have been terrorized and do
submission.
Religion and politics are horrible things
and God wants nothing to do with them.
It's always reassuring to hear Yahowah
affirm these conclusions as he's done
here.
So in summation,
just as there were no political or
religious influences in Eden,
their stench will not ruin the millennial
kingdom either as God restores the earth
to the conditions found in the garden.
Good riddance.
Now,
speaking of such things and in context
with our return to the garden,
I've noticed a pattern that I'd like to
share.
And that is that in each of these
Mizmowr Psalms,
a considerable amount of the text has been
devoted to exposing Sha'uwl, Paul,
and of ridding the world of the caustic
influence that he caused through Mizmowr.
Christianity and his New Testament.
It is as if Dowd is announcing the
subject of his final battle,
or at least the final battle that we
will undertake on his behalf prior to his
return.
Christian theologians have dismissed much
of what Dowd wrote.
put off by the notion that David was
unnecessarily and insistently complaining
against his personal enemies.
But in actuality,
Dowd's message is typically prophetic,
explaining his fulfillment of the Mowedym,
including his triumphant return when he
will be working with Yahowah to free his
people from their most menacing enemy.
He's establishing the final battle lines
between right and wrong.
So in the process,
the first ten Psalms systematically
dismantled Christian theology and
eschatology,
destroying the credibility of Paul's
rancid letters along with almost
everything that has been falsely
attributed to the Christian man-god known
as Jesus Christ.
Even of the first ten Mizmowr,
each of them strives to return our focus
to Yahowah, to historic guidance,
and to his covenant family,
to God's relationship with his beloved
son, Dowd.
And all that implies,
especially to Israel and to Yahuwdah.
Gentiles and their church aren't the
answer.
They are instead the problem.
Somehow,
either blinded or rendered irrational,
Christians have completely missed this
message.
Every word scribed by David undermines the
foundation of their religion.
It destroys the myths that they have
attributed to their man-god,
and it exposes their scripture as totally
fraudulent.
And as goes Christianity,
so falls Judaism and Islam,
which would not exist without it.
That's surprising.
Most people think that Judaism appeared
before Christianity, but it's not true.
While Jews were religious,
their religion is not what they practice
today as Judaism.
The form of Judaism with rabbis being the
most influential actors actually developed
in the late first,
early second century with...
Rabbi Akiba,
who was the founder of rabbinical Judaism.
And it was developed further by Maimonides
in the eleventh century.
And when Akiba, Rabbi Akiba,
established rabbinical Judaism,
writing parts of the Jerusalem Talmud,
his whole modus operandi was to control
Jews so that they were not influenced by
the false messiah of Pauline Christianity.
And so he created his own false messiah,
Bar Kokhba,
to compete with the false messiah of
Christianity and Jesus.
So you had two dueling false messiahs and
with the birth of both religions occurring
within the same century.
The reason I say that Islam wouldn't exist
without them is that Islam,
the Quran is literally nothing but an
ongoing argument and a terrorist
manifesto.
Apart from the Talmud stories that rabbis
sold to Muhammad that were woven into the
Quran to give it a veneer of religiosity.
Without them, there is no religion.
religious tent to the Quran.
It all came from the rabbis.
So it is well past time that we
forego every lingering aspect of
eschatology and recognize that the final
battle isn't Armageddon.
But instead,
it is the annihilation of all religious
and political influences.
Now,
it is set up by what I call
Al-Aqsa Flood, the Muslims like that term.
That's what they used of October tenth of
twenty twenty three,
calling it Al-Aqsa Flood after the mention
in the Quran.
But, you know,
when Yahowah describes what's going to
occur as this last battle begins to
metastasize,
he says that the terrorists will flood
into Israel in such numbers that hills
themselves will be black.
And that there'll be more of them than
there are bullets in their guns to take
down.
So both things.
The assailants and the victims have texts
that speak of a flood.
And so I think that that is obviously
what's going to happen that leads to
Yahowah finally saying, that's it, no more.
And that will occur on Taruwah,
the twenty fourth of September of twenty
thirty three,
that the attackers will all be taken out,
literally incinerated.
as the earth is terraformed back into the
conditions of Eden.
So the Tenth Mizmowr Psalm has been
overtly condemning of Sha'uwl Paul as the
plague of death and his horrible,
demeaning religion of Christianity because
of its caustic influence on God's people.
So this is a review of it,
and that is our standard operating
procedure,
and we'll do that before we move on
to the next Mizmowr Psalm.
It began,
for what reason and until when is your
presence so far away,
distance and separated, Yahowah,
concealed in times of drought and being
cut off and restrained?
Ten-One asks a question that I think Dowd
likely knew the answer to.
I certainly do.
Now,
this formal separation wasn't decreed
until about two hundred and fifty to three
hundred years after Dowd's first of three
lives came to a conclusion.
It's presented in the prophetic text of
Howsha,
where after Yahowah
declares that Howsha should marry a
religious whore so that he could
empathize,
he could sympathize with what God's had to
endure with Israel and therefore could
divorce Israel for unfaithfulness,
for promoting religious gods.
That occurred, as I say,
about two hundred fifty years after Dowd's
first of three lives.
And God said, I'm leaving you.
and I'm not going to return until you
return to me.
And we now know that a significant number
of Jews will not become Yahuwdym again and
return to Yisrael to be with Yahowah until
the waning days of the time of trouble.
The time of trouble begins the
twenty-second of May, twenty-twenty-six.
just ninety days from now.
And it lasts for seven years,
concluding on the twenty-fourth of
September of twenty-thirty-three,
the aforementioned Taruwah.
And that's when this final remnant is
prepared for Yahowah's return,
and it will
transpire on, ten days later,
on Yom Kipurym,
when Yahowah returns with the Messiah and
King, Dowd.
October second,
the sun sets of twenty-thirty-three,
year six thousand, Yah.
There won't be a lot of Jews that
are going to be receptive to this.
They don't celebrate Taruwah.
They have replaced it by the Babylonian
holiday Rosh Hashanah.
They are a hundred and ninety seven years
off on their calendar,
misled by Maimonides.
So they're not aware that they are only
seven years away now from year six
thousand.
Yeah.
So much of this will take them by
surprise.
But that is the answer to this question.
It says now, with arrogance,
unwarranted status,
and presumptuous pride,
the dishonest
the condemnable, the guilty,
and those inflamed with passions and
burning animosity who persecute and harass
the outspoken and the unprudential without
political or religious status.
It's going to be a time of great
anarchy, both of action and of words.
So it is a time where we're going
to see
unprecedented arrogance and speaking of
precedent and arrogance of course the
ultimate arrogant president is the man who
is a rahab who is the contentious and
conceited one and donald trump and he is
going to be the great betrayer of israel
lit mbc is then forced to endure the
evil devices that have
that they have imagined and invented and
devised.
So God is saying,
I want to hold them and I will
hold them accountable.
I'm recording what the likes of Rahab,
Donald Trump, the great betrayer,
have said.
And I am paying attention to the threats
of the collectivists and of the Muslims
and of the Christians and of the
conspiratorialists and all the things that
they have imagined and devised against my
people.
Indeed,
the dishonest and fraudulent improperly
slanders and inanely boasts arrogantly in
making a fool of himself based upon what
his soul desires.
The truth is that whether it's
collectivism or conspiracy,
whether it is Judaism, Islam,
or Christianity,
they have all made a fool of themselves.
And fool here is from halal,
which is Satan's name.
And the one who is wrongfully severing the
relationship and who inspires violence for
ill-gotten gain, commends this.
They pretend to be a blessing while
advocating that which is abhorred and
condemned,
despised and rejected by Yahowah.
That's the nature of religion.
Religions claim that they are serving God,
Their God is the God who inspired their
religious scriptures when God himself
says, no,
they've despised and rejected me.
You won't find my name in any of
those scriptural texts.
You won't find my testimony there.
They're filled with their way, not my way.
And I find it despicable, condemnable,
strictly horrible.
So the deceitful one who is wrong as
if high and mighty in his lofty position
exalts in the arrogance.
The most deceitful one the world will ever
know is the current president of the
United States, Donald Trump.
He is Rahab.
He is the great betrayer of Israel.
And the prophets have spoken of him.
We should not be denying this reality.
And he is continuing to put...
his vassal now, Israel,
in a horrible place.
He does exactly what this says.
He pretends to speak for them,
to be someone who cares about them,
who can claim that he has done things
for them,
and yet he is the one who is
setting them up for betrayal.
The prophets have never been wrong.
They will not be wrong regarding Donald
Trump.
So you should beware.
that he will be the one who ultimately
surrenders a terrorist state carved out of
the heart of Israel,
making the nation indefensible,
making this time of trouble so horrific
for God's people.
And it says of the great copper
confabulator,
that he will never be an honest seeker
or engage in the relationship.
All of his decisions, schemes,
and thoughts contradict and negate God.
Now, this is true certainly of Paul,
the author of the Christian New Testament,
but it's also true of the man who
would come to be his twin in Donald
Trump.
Throughout time,
his way endures replete with twisted
perversions as he dances about causing
anguishing torment.
Nothing has been more replete with twisted
perversions than the Christian New
Testament.
It's only challenged in that regard by the
Quran,
but the Quran is so stupid that it's
beneath God even commenting.
Paul twisted the very testimony of God.
The Quran twists the testimony of the
rabbis.
So one is just worse than the other.
But the anguish that both have caused
through those perversions is totally
unacceptable to God.
So your means to exercise good judgment
and justly resolve disputes should be
elevated high above and beyond.
what has taken place before,
so that you know how conspicuous this
blight is in Yahowah's sight.
With all of his troubles and adversity,
tsarar is the basis of the ets tsarah,
the time of troubles.
This is a time that we enter,
as I say, in just three months,
and it will last seven years.
Most of those who are living now won't
see the end of it.
So with all of his troubles and adversity,
he becomes a loudmouth blowhard regarding
them.
The most demonic, despicable, deceitful,
deadly character at this time is Rahab,
is the Towrahless one,
is the great betrayer,
is the one whom the prophets have spoken.
and he is Donald Trump.
I don't say that as a political pundit.
I am anti-political.
I have no political affiliation.
I have grown, as is Yahowah,
to despise politics.
I don't speak as a liberal when I
accuse Donald Trump as being the great
betrayer, as being demonic,
as being
the living manifestation of Satan.
I will, with almost equal aplomb,
condemn the collectivism that is
progressive Marxism and of the liberals.
also dunderheads.
But no one really compares to MAGA and
Donald Trump in terms of taking the world
to the precipice of its utter destruction.
And since my responsibility is to expose
this one,
in the last days,
who will be so responsible for the
destruction of the world and for the
betrayal of Israel.
I will continue to speak against this
loud-mouthed blowhard that is the
principal cause of the tsarar,
the troubles and the adversity that will
be endured by Israel.
He has said through his reasoning,
I will never be shaken, waver or falter,
be cast down or decay.
Oh yeah,
he's convinced that he's gone to heaven,
but I'm here to confirm his reservation in
hell.
Throughout the generations,
times and places such that I'm never in
the wrong or considered the adversary,
Paul would make that claim that he was
never wrong.
And yet I can't find a place where
he was ever right.
I had a post that I responded to
on Facebook today.
It was written by a group called the
hundred and nineteenth,
which I assume is an ode to the
hundred and nineteenth Mizmowr Psalm of
Dowd,
which celebrates how to observe the Towrah.
using the twenty-two letters of the Hebrew
alphabet and alphabetical order with eight
statements for each of those twenty-two
letters.
But if that is the truth,
then they are the least thoughtful,
least educated,
most ignorant and irrational of all
readers of that book.
glorious psalm because they say that it is
by taking Paul's statements out of context
that one mistakenly concludes that he was
anti-Towrah when in fact in the five
volumes of Twistianity I review everything
Paul said in his opening salvo his letter
to the Galatians and much of what else
he wrote
fully in context,
analyzing every word in proximity to every
other word that he wrote,
and then putting that into the context of
what God actually said that Paul
misquoted,
that I proved conclusively that when you
review what Paul said in context,
you will recognize that he was not just
anti-Towrah, that he was anti-Yahowah,
that he was anti-covenant,
that he was anti-God,
and that he was anti-truth.
and was easily the most despicable person
who ever lived, as he even admits.
He was demon-possessed,
but I guess the one-nineteenth didn't get
far enough along into Paul's letters in
context to realize that Paul not only
misquoted everything that he cited from
God,
not even able to cite God's actual name,
And he twisted it all to serve his
agenda, misrepresenting God's testimony.
But he never even quoted his pretense of
a man God once.
It's just astonishing what people will
say, how mistaken people will be.
The lives that you find in social media
today is filled with them.
His mouth is filled with an abundance of
vile insults and injurious curses,
invoking divine retribution.
This would be true of Akiba, of Paul,
of Muhammad, of Mamadis, of the Pope,
and of course of Donald Trump.
In addition,
he deliberately misleads using deceitful
deceptions and perpetrating an outright
fraud, treacherously betraying,
along with distressful spoken statements
which create a state of oppression.
It is a consequence of his nauseating evil
and corrupting tongue.
Boy.
I have said so many times that there
is really no way to distinguish between
Paul, who was a sexual pervert,
who was demon-possessed,
who was a confabulator,
who was egomaniacal,
and who was vicious towards all of his
foes perceived in real, and Donald Trump.
I knew that the great betrayer was going
to
betray all of Sha'uwl's, Paul's attributes.
And he does.
They are indistinguishable.
And to a large degree,
the personality of Muhammad and Paul also
mirror that of Donald Trump.
They're one in the same.
It's obvious that all three men were,
well,
two of them have admitted already that
they were demon possessed.
Paul did in his second letter to the
Corinthians.
And it's obvious by the way,
throughout his letters,
But so did Muhammad.
He did so during his first revelation,
celebrating Ramadan,
then the first Ramadan when Muhammad was
in that cave and he was beat up
by a dark spirit.
And he tried to commit suicide because he
knew he had been demon-possessed.
And at the end of his life,
he reaffirmed that there had always been a
demon associated with him.
And again,
you read the Quran and it's obvious.
Look at Muhammad's life and it's obvious.
The same thing is true when you listen
to what Donald Trump says and does.
He's demon possessed.
Paul, Muhammad, and Donald J. Trump.
he lurks in ambush openly in the
courtyards of communities while the
central figure he is not easily recognized
or forthcoming seldom acknowledging are
held accountable as he kills for stalling
the lives of the innocent this is actually
speaking to the spirit behind all three of
them satan
is the central figure of every religion.
He is the Hashem of Judaism.
He is the Jesus of Christianity.
He is the Allah of Islam.
He is the inspiration of collectivism
through communism, the religion of man.
He simply plays people for fools.
When they pray to their Lord God,
they're praying to Satan.
He is the central figure.
He is right out in the open.
He is in the mosques, in the cathedrals,
in the churches, and in the synagogues.
His sights are set on the unfortunate
victims waylaying them.
Most of the victims of these satanic
religions, Christianity, Islam, Judaism,
and the collectivism of Marxism,
they're just played for fools.
They go along to get along, they believe,
because, well,
the society is based on these lies.
And they are just waylaid.
They're unfortunate victims.
I'm not going to help them any,
but it's better than being a perpetrator.
Because if you're a perpetrator,
you're going to shield.
If you're a victim,
your soul will simply cease to exist upon
your mortal death.
He has set a deceptive trap for humans
by covertly weaving a ruse,
spinning a web of lies and intertwining a
twisted snare through artifice and
trickery.
Well,
I don't think Donald Trump could say any
of those words,
artifice or intertwining a twisted snare
or trickery.
weaving a roof, spinning a web of lies.
This is way beyond his vocabulary and
certainly not going to spill off of his
tongue.
It does describe his confabulation.
It depicts how utterly foolish, immoral,
uninformed,
and irrational one must be to continue to
be a mega-ite and believe in his nonsense.
But
You have to be a fool to believe
Paul.
It is so obvious that he lied,
so obvious that he was spinning a web
of deception.
And if you don't know it,
then read the five volumes of Twistianity.
If you don't know that Muhammad did the
same thing,
then read the five volumes of goddamn
religion.
If you don't know that rabbis did the
same thing,
then please read the three volumes of
Babel.
They all prove it.
satan is doing what was said of him
in the fourteenth chapter of yasha isaiah
he has woven this web of lies intertwining
this twisted snare of artifice and
trickery for the express purpose of rising
above god and becoming the worshiped
entity of religion
This is who he is.
This is what he does.
The very fact that he's the God of
religion should tell you all you need to
know,
because it's obvious when you read the
Towrah, the prophets and Psalms,
that Yahowah damns religion,
that he hates it.
And that those who are religious have no
relationship with him.
They have no life with him.
They aren't even allowed into his
presence.
So to be the Lord God of religion
is to be anti-Yahowah.
It says, as we continue to read this,
he has done so in a manner of
ferocious and destructive,
as a destructive and ferocious predator,
wandering from one place to another,
whose destiny is to violently pluck away
from within the tents that he uses to
screen his presence, cunning, commingling,
and deceptively twisting everything to
craftily ensnare people.
This is true of Paul,
to a lesser degree, Mohammed,
because he wasn't very crafty.
And it is true today of Donald Trump.
You know,
he wants to be the peace president,
and yet he is responsible for one war
after another.
And ultimately,
it's all going to compound into World War
III and a nuclear holocaust and the near
destruction of Israel.
all through deception,
all through twisting everything,
pretending that we're having negotiations
and that we prefer making a deal when
he can't wait to play chief in charge
of his military.
In this way,
it's so amazing too that the man who
received about a half a dozen deferments
for alleged bone spurs wants to present
himself as the great patriot and hero.
In this way,
he seizes the oppressed and the
persecuted.
He abducts and he carries off those he
has deprived of rights and resources by
drawing them into his net to dispossess,
to inherit, and to impoverish.
It's true of all of them.
Donald Trump today,
if he draws you into his artifice,
he will tear you to ribbons and
essentially destroy
eat you alive as a cannibal,
if there is just one ounce of a
person pretending,
even insinuating that they're not fully in
on his trickery and artifice and deceit,
at just the hint of betrayal,
he becomes the most vicious politician
ever in the history of the world.
And it is his modus operandi and has
been so for as long as he has
been a public figure.
This is what he does,
even to his own.
Satan is the same way.
He is not loyal to those who worship
him as Jesus or as Allah or as
Hashem or collectively under the likes of
Mao and Stalin and Lenin and Putin.
The like?
No, he isn't.
He will disinherit and impoverish those
who believe him.
In fact, in Islam, it's straightforward.
He calls Muslims his slaves,
and he tells all Muslims that they must
die killing for him.
Pretty obvious, isn't it?
Should be obvious.
Those who cower and bow down in
submission, if you're bowing down,
if you are worshiping, kneeling,
a god you your god is satan those
who cower and bow down in submission
hopelessly and helplessly bowing their
heads he crushes he destroys he disparages
he pummels that's the key message all the
way through the quran where uh ha-Satan is
uh is unmasked he is satan being satan
Treated as inferior,
his victims fall by the multitudes
associated with him.
If you're among those who are religious,
you will go down with your religion.
It won't save you,
but it will condemn you.
From his disposition and inclination,
he says, God isn't mindful.
He no longer responds appropriately,
and thus he should be ignored.
Forgetful,
he should be forgotten because he can no
longer be found.
This is Paul's modus operandi as he
condemned the Towrah as pornography,
as he
um said that the Towrah could not say
that god had been a cruel taskmaster and
that his gospel of grace was needed to
replace it well there are billions who
believe him but sadly for them it's they
who will not be observed or seen in
god's presence
You and I are in agreement that you
must take a stand, Yahowah.
You have decided to lift up your hand,
God.
You will never overlook or forget those
who have been demeaned, impoverished,
and persecuted.
This is why there must be divine
retribution.
God must lash out at those who have
created things
and promoted the religions of
Christianity, Islam,
Judaism and collectivism because of the
consequence of these religions and how
they have demeaned,
impoverished and persecuted his people and
others.
On what basis and for what reason does
the fraudulent one who is wrong about
engaging in religious malfeasance
discredit and renounce,
contradict and negate God?
Religions are all anti-God.
They don't lead to God.
They lead away from God.
They don't please God.
They annoy God.
Based upon his inclinations, he says,
you will not care about or account for
this.
Well, they would be wrong.
God will.
And that accounting is coming soon.
However,
you do see for yourself the effort that
is put forward to create perversions
causing trouble and misery.
God has to,
to maintain any sense of justice,
to be credible, to be dependable,
to be reliable.
He must persecute, prosecute,
condemn those whose religions have harmed
his people.
Christianity, Judaism, Islam,
and collectivism.
And you do consider these as annoying
provocations.
The Dowd wrote, and he's right,
therefore taking into your hands for
yourself those who remain and who have
renounced their prior affiliation.
This is the only way that you can
have a relationship with God is to
renounce any prior affiliation with a
political party or a religious faith.
When you do that and you also renounce
your conspiracies,
then you're in a position
to embrace Yahowah's hand.
Those have been victimized and the
fatherless, you exist to aid and support.
Your will is to crush the leadership
capabilities of this shepherd and the
outreach of the deceitful one who is wrong
and the religious as well.
This one who, by being a loudmouthed,
evil person,
countrymen,
severs their relationship through improper
means,
accounting for his fraudulent religious
malfeasance,
until you find that there is nothing left
to be uncovered.
God's going to continue to eradicate all
traces of religion, conspiracy, politics,
and collectivism from the planet,
beginning
the evening of Taruwah september
twenty-third as it goes into the shabbat
of september twenty-fourth of twenty
thirty three um annihilating all who would
bear
Those proclivities, religion, conspiracy,
politics, collectivism, anti-Semitism,
they must all go for Israel to live.
They must all be expunged for Yahowah and
Dowd to return.
They must be eliminated for God to restore
the earth to the conditions enjoyed during
Gan Eden.
So Yahowah reigns by guiding forever as an
eternal witness.
He sets the example for the odd,
the restoring witness to the eternal
testimony to follow as a malak,
as one who leads through counsel forever
from antiquity and into the future.
Gentile institutions, therefore,
will be expelled.
They're going to cease to exist from his
land and from the earth.
You're going to need to be associated with
Israel if you're going to be among the
survivors.
The yearning of the straightforward,
unpretentious, and responsive.
You've heard.
If you respond to God,
God will respond to you.
It's Shuwb for Shuwb or no Shuwb for
you.
Yahowah,
you help shape and develop their ability
to make reasoned decisions.
Your ears are used to listen attentively
so that you can respond appropriately.
It's just as return to God and he
will return to you.
Shuwb for Shuwb.
It is the same here.
those who are responsive to Yahowah,
Yahowah will respond to them.
By doing justice on behalf of and
defending Shaphat,
the fatherless and the oppressed, well,
they will no longer be terrorized by
mortal man upon the land or the earth.
It's marvelous, isn't it,
that we recognize that
we have come through six thousand years of
every human civilization nation and large
institution terrorizing deceiving robbing
oppressing all within their reach through
religion through politics through
conspiracy militarism anti-semitism but
it's all coming to an end and we
are on the cusp
of happily ever after.
The next seven years are going to be
hellacious, but at the end of that time,
there will be the great awakening,
the great purging of the mortal remnant of
Yisrael, of a return of select Gowyim,
of a opportunity to return to the garden,
to live with Yahowah,
to demonstrate that we really can be
observant, responsive,
and responsible
And I look forward to being there with
you to help guide you to this place
so that you can enjoy that outcome along
with us.
So I thank you for listening.
We'll continue our next program by
considering the very Psalms of Dowd.
We're going to move into,
as you might expect,
the eleventh now that we have...
presented and considered the tenth.
And with every step along the way,
with each word that is laid down for
our consideration,
we come ever closer to Yahowah, our God.
Again, thank you for listening.
Good day.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.